what's going on YouTube it's Maddie
refusal fitness and I got a quick video
for you today I'm sharing a snack of
mine that I recommend to everyone I get
a lot of questions about what's a
healthy snack to eat throughout the day
something I could bring to school put in
my backpack eat on my lunch break at
work if in between classes if you don't
have time to prepare a sandwich or you
don't have a cooler or a refrigerator
around and you need something and you
don't feel like mixing protein powder in
your class I understand I've done it all
but the one snack that I highly
recommend that comes prepackaged it's
easy it's convenient and it tastes great
is jerky whether it's beef jerky or
turkey jerky or anything like that it is
a very high quality protein source
extremely low in fat if any and very low
carbohydrate if any the problem that
people see with jerky is one it can be
fairly expensive and to the sodium
levels are pretty high because it is a
processed meat it's a dehydrated meat
and they have to add sodium to preserve
it and also make it taste really good
but the one that I recommend and this
one's a little bit more expensive but
when I tell you I've tried every kind of
jerky you could think of I love it I
tried alligator jerky Buffalo jerky
ostrich jerky beef turkey duck dog now
I'm just kidding I love dogs but I tried
all kinds of jerky I've tried all kinds
of brands of jerky I've tried Jack
Link's I've tried this I've tried that
the one that I fell in love with that I
think is the best-tasting and it is a
little bit more expensive is perky jerky
you may or may not have these in your
stores I've seen them in Walmart I've
seen them to Target so they're pretty
much all over you can get to make gas
stations and stuff like that I have both
here the ultra premium beef jerky as
well as the ultra premium turkey jerky
and what I'll do is I'll show the
nutrition facts on the screen for you
right now the beef jerky is going to be
a little bit higher in sodium well a lot
higher in sodium but again for this
whole bag you're going to get
180 calories four grams of fat 12 grams
of carbohydrate and 22 grams of protein
again that comes with a little over a
thousand milligrams of sodium but if
you've watched my video on sodium before
it shouldn't be much of an issue if you
are an active healthy individual so
that's their beef jerky now my favorite
as far as macros go and as far as taste
preference is their alter premium turkey
jerky this stuff is unbelievable it's
extremely tender I know a lot of people
eat jerky and they think it's really
chewy and they don't enjoy that rough
kind of feel to it this is extremely
soft and for this entire package of
jerky granted it's not a ton of meat
it's not like you're getting a steak but
for this big a quick snack is a hundred
calories for the entire bag zero grams
effect four grams of carbohydrate and 18
grams of protein and the best part about
this product is only 220 milligrams of
sodium in the entire bag so extremely
low sodium they don't add any msg or
anything like that so that's just my
recommendation I think jerky is an
unbelievable snack it's great easy
convenient tastes good good macros and
if you don't like it I'm sorry if you've
never tried jerky before I recommend
just try and get buy a cheap bag see
what you think of the taste of it or buy
the perky jerky because you don't want
to start with something crappy and then
be like wow I hate it
not knowing with the better kind tastes
like so hopefully I helped you out don't
forget as always to is like the video
give it a thumbs up I appreciate that
show your support subscribe to the
channel and until next time I'll see you
in the next video